Olivia!
Hurry, you’re going to be late for school!
Thank you.
OK, Mom. I’m going to preach.
See you.
Love you.
Bye, Mom. Love you.
Have a good day.
See you later, Mom.
Today’s poll: Would she ever?
She would never; she’s an angel.
I think it’s all a front.
You know she’s wild.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, she totally just saw us.
OK. I’m totally posting that.
Do it.
OK. It’s up.
Hey, everyone . . .
Did you just get that?
Yeah.
Look at that.
Hey, everyone . . .
That’s the craziest.
Oh, my goodness.
Hey, everyone, Brooke here.
And Amanda.
Guess who just walked in?
Olivia.
And there’s Jake.
Today’s poll: Would she ever?
No, she would never; she’s an angel.
I think it’s all an act.
You know she’s wild.
Oops, she saw us.
She saw us.
I don’t believe it.
What are you going to comment?
I have no idea.
I don’t even think she likes guys.
What if she’s into girls?
That’s true.
Yeah.
Comments!
Everybody is getting it.
I bet she’s still a virgin.
Hey, can I see that?
Yeah, of course.
Here you go.
Enjoy Life Forever!
Now, how are you going to do that?
Well, that’s a very good question, actually.
Well, God promises . . .
No, no, no, not God, you!
What are you doing?
Me? Well, I try to help others . . .
Try?
Man, all you do
is stand next to your little cart
while the rest of us
stand up for your rights, bro.
Well, I’m actually neutral when it . . .
Neutral?
Ain’t no neutral.
You’re just a coward.
Take your trash.
How did it go?
It was a tough day at the cart, but I’m OK.
Hey, everyone, Brooke here.
And Amanda.
Guess who just walked in?
Olivia.
Olivia,
what’s wrong?
Hey, everyone, Brooke here.
And Amanda.
Guess who just walked in?
Olivia.
And there’s Jake.
Today’s poll: Would she ever?
No, she would never; she’s an angel.
I think it’s all an act.
You know she’s wild.
Oops, she saw us.
I’m so sorry that happened to you.
You know,
it reminds me of a situation Paul was in.
I think it was at Acts chapter 16
and verse 23:
“After they had inflicted many blows on them,
“they threw them into prison
“and ordered the jailer
to guard them securely.
“Because he got such an order, he threw them
“into the inner prison
“and fastened their feet in the stocks.
“But about the middle of the night,
“Paul and Silas were praying
“and praising God with song,
and the prisoners were listening to them.”
What do you think made them want to sing?
They loved Jehovah.
And when they focused on that,
how do you think they felt?
I think
they felt some peace.
That’s right.
How about we dig a little bit deeper?
OK.
What are you going to do?
You’re just a coward.
Man, all you do
is stand next to your little cart.
You don’t do anything.
You’re just a coward.
You just stand next to your little cart.
Ain’t no neutral.
Stand up for your rights.
You’re just a coward.
Gabe,
what happened today?
It’s just that I’ve been yelled at
in service before, but
this time I wanted to—I don’t know.
I wanted to go up to the girls
and smash their phones.
I’m so glad that you didn’t.
Yeah, but
I feel guilty
because I was like—I was like so angry.
It’s OK.
Let’s keep reading.
We had left off in verse 26.
“Suddenly a great earthquake occurred,
“so that the foundations of the jail
were shaken.
“Moreover, all the doors
were instantly opened,
“and everyone’s bonds came loose.
“When the jailer woke up
and saw that the prison doors were open,
“he drew his sword
“and was about to kill himself,
“assuming that the prisoners had escaped.
“But Paul called out with a loud voice:
“‘Do not hurt yourself, for we are all here!’
“So he asked for lights and rushed in,
“and seized with trembling,
he fell down before Paul and Silas.”
Now, think about what the jailer
had done to Paul.
He could have hated him for it.
Yeah, he could have.
But I guess he saw the jailer’s pain
instead of just his own.
Yeah, Paul loved his neighbor.
He didn’t hold back
from trying to save his life.
Come on, man.
Hey, how do you have the nerve
to keep coming out here?
Look, you were right
about what you said.
No one should stand around
while other people suffer injustice.
So do something.
Fight like we do.
This is my way of making a difference
—the only way that I know
the world can really change.
Come on, man, the Bible?
Look, I get what you’re thinking,
but let me show you just one scripture.
All right, one scripture.
So this is a verse in the Bible
that convinced me
of how I can make a difference.
It’s at Matthew 24:14.
Here it says:
“And this good news of the Kingdom
will be preached
“in all the inhabited earth
“for a witness to all the nations,
and then the end will come.”
Guess who just walked in?
Olivia.
And there’s Jake.
Would she ever?
You know she’s wild.
I don’t even think she likes guys.
What if she’s into girls?
I bet she’s still a virgin.
Olivia, what are you thinking?
I don’t—I don’t know how they could do that.
I don’t even follow them.
If this doesn’t stop,
I don’t know if I can . . .
You’re strong, OK.
You just can’t let them get to you.
It feels out of your control, doesn’t it?
Hey, I think we need another Bible example.
Remember when we studied
about the Shulammite girl?
Yeah, I remember.
And who was pressuring her?
Solomon.
But she wasn’t interested in him,
just like I’m not interested
in that boy Jake, so . . .
But it wasn’t just him;
there were the daughters of Jerusalem
in Solomon’s court.
They urged her to accept his attentions.
But do you remember what she said
in Song of Solomon chapter 2?
It says: “I put you under oath,
“O daughters of Jerusalem,
“by the gazelles and the does of the field:
“Do not try to awaken or arouse love in me
until it feels inclined.”
So despite all of the pressure,
who was really in control?
She was.
No one was going to push her
into something that she didn’t want to do.
She even said: “I am a wall.”
You have the same power.
And if you believe that,
it’ll change how you handle the pressure.
Now give me a hug.
Hey, guys, update on yesterday’s topic.
I guess she still needs a man.
She needs something.
I just posted it.
Go like my video.
All they want is to see me give in.
Hey, guys, update on yesterday’s topic.
I guess she still needs . . .
Why would I give them the satisfaction?
My peace comes from doing the right thing.
Nobody can make me stumble.
“I am a wall.”